docs: Remove incorrect mention of tracing on Dramatiq docs (#11152)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/integrations/dramatiq/index.mdx

> The Dramatiq integration adds support for the
> [Dramatiq](https://dramatiq.io/) background tasks library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dramatiq integration adds support for the [Dramatiq](https://dramatiq.io/) background tasks library.
```

> The Dramatiq integration adds support for the
> [Dramatiq](https://dramatiq.io/) background tasks library.
> 
> The Dramatiq integration only reports errors. Tracing is not yet supported.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Dramatiq integration adds support for the
[Dramatiq](https://dramatiq.io/) background tasks library. At this time, this integration only supports errors. Tracing is not yet supported.

```
